TALKING POINTS

- What is your site about and what was the motivation to create it?
My site is about the beautiful city of Stuart, the Sailfish capital of the country. I wanted to make a websote about this place because 
it is a city that I have spent a lot of time in and is close to where I live. I like it a lot because it is a historical place that 
is also very artistic and appealing atmosphere. 

- How is your site structured/ what are the different pages
I made five linked webpages with different layouts. I made a home page with a big header image to catch the eye. I made sure to make
the nav section clear for the users especially on this page. It has a general explanation of Stuart and what to expect from the rest of 
the website. I also included an aside that gives the viewer a quick glance of the demographics on this page. I also made a restaurant page
where the viewer can see three specific restaurants and what they look like. There is a jquery library that lets you rate the restaurants.
The <p> text is contained in a border to organize the content for each restaurant.
Then there is a history page which I formatted with one background image and text laid on top. I made several <h3> tags that direct 
the user right to the <p> tags and other images. There is also an explore downtown Stuart page that lists out places to shop
in Stuart. There are also asides used for each store that provides details such as location and the web links to the shops as well. 
I also made a gallery that includes a slideshow followed by a grid of images. 

- What Javascript/Jquery libraries are being used here and would you recommend using it for future projects
In the home page there was a library that I used that worked perfectly fine and randomly stopped working. It looked very nice and the 
title would rotate the first word and transition into another. I used javascript in the history page to get the format that is there.
The code was also supposed to make each piece of content toggle, which it doesnt, but the same code does create the hovering effect and 
the format that you see there. Another library was used for the restaurant page in order to put the stars to rate the restaurants. 
I liked this idea a lot but the code does not track how many people vote on it and the stars go blank after refreshing. It works
aesthetically though and can be worked with more in another project. The gallery uses javascript in order to create the show/hide effect
with the buttons and the pictures. I had trouble getting this to work because everytime I made a div for a group of pictures, they would
disappear completely off the page, which is why I did each image individually and the page is somewhat unorganized. Other than that,
this element can be a very useful tool to use in the future.

- Show site responsiveness
There are also CSS responsive features such as hover effect over certain areas such as <h1> and <p> tags that will make the background
another color. Same goes for text color on other elements. The js and jquery elements also add responsiveness to the page. There are also
@media css usage in order to make the website more compatible with different size screens. 

- What are your future project plans/next steps to take for your web project if any?
I would want to make my webpage look more organized. I'm not happy with some of the layout, especially the gallery where the grid 
looks funky. I would also like to continue coding. I think with enough practice, I can develop my own personal website to promote my
motion pictures career.
